Downloaded from
YTS.MX
ANDY SENOR JR.: My mom is having
a fit because I'm going to
put out  Rent  in Cuba.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
We're calling it
Broadway Survivor.
You were put on the island.
and you have so many tools
to deal with.
The power just went out again.
We're working on that.
SPEAKER:
The most meaningful part
of  Rent  is how
a group of friends
form a family.
SPEAKER 2:
This is not another play.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(hip-hop music playing)
(horn honking)
♪ ♪
(traffic noise.
indistinct chatter)
(sewing machines humming)
♪ ♪
(Timi speaking)
(Micheal speaking)
(indistinct chatter)
(pastor speaking)
(congregation speaking)
Reporter:
Nigeria's president
signed a bill
that criminalizes
homosexuality.
Gay couples could face
14 years in prison.
All gay clubs are outlawed
as are even meetings
between gay people.
A population therefore
is being driven underground.
(man speaking)
(Timi speaking)
(hip-hop music playing)
♪ ♪
-(banging)
-(siren wailing)
-(crowd shouting)
-(banging continues)
(Timi speaking)
(man speaking English)
(crowd chanting)
♪ Must be that ass
'cause it ain't yo' face ♪
♪ Snatch a nigga's soul
but I ain'tleavin'a trace ♪
♪ Itmust be that ass
'cause it ain't yo' face ♪
(crowd cheering)
♪ It must be jelly
'cause jam don't shake ♪
♪ It ain't my birthday
but he want this cake ♪
♪ He like it when I
back it up and dump it ♪
♪ Back. back it up
and dump it ♪
♪ Back it up and dump it.
back. back it up and dump it ♪
♪ It must be jelly
'cause jam don't shake ♪
♪ It ain't my birthday.
but he want this cake ♪
♪ Back it up.
make it nasty ♪
♪ Be a slut
but don't make it trashy ♪
♪ Fuck me on the balcony ♪
(Micheal speaking)
♪ I'm lookin' for a baller ♪
♪ A motherfuckin' shot-caller ♪
♪ Not a benchwarmer nigga ♪
(laughter)
-(indistinct chatter)
-(laughter continues)
(thunder rumbling)
(crowd cheering. whooping)
(Edafe speaking)
(crowd cheering)
(water running)
(Idee speaking on phone)
(Micheal speaking English)
-Bye. Bitch.
-Idee: Bye. Bitch.
(interviewer speaking)
Oh. okay.
(laughs)
(Micheal and interviewer
speaking)
(both chuckle)
(Micheal speaking)
♪ ♪
(reporter speaking)
(man shouting
foreign language)
(man speaking)
(Timi speaking)
(horn honking)
(newsreader speaking)
(men shouting)
(reporter speaking)
(man speaking)
(James speaking on TV)
(Ejay speaking)
(Deji speaking)
(Taio speaking)
Deji: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
(James speaking)
(music playing on TV)
(men shouting. cheering)
Man: James!
Man:
Whoa!
(laughing. cheering)
(James speaking)
(cheering and laughing)
(Mr. Michael speaking)
(man speaking)
(pop music playing)
(James speaking)
(Emmanuel speaking)
(rapping in foreign language)
James:
Whoo!
-Yeah...
-(rapping continues)
♪ Big Bank Beisha. yeah.
bitch. I'm back at it ♪
♪ Post a thirsttrap. bet
your niggadouble tap it ♪
♪ Got that comeback.
got him turnin' to an addict ♪
♪ Round of applause
when that ass get to clappin' ♪
(James speaking)
(laughing)
♪ Never entertaining hoes and I
ain't tripping over niggas ♪
♪ I go and get that bag and
then I make that money triple ♪
♪ Ten out of ten.
and them triple D's sittin' ♪
♪ If you ain't talking money.
then I gotta get missin' ♪
(James speaking)
♪ ♪
(interviewer speaking)
I expect that. by now.
you'd show a little remorse.
Yeah!
♪ Did you see me in the act.
maybe it's not me ♪
♪ There is no evidence jhoor.
you didn't caught me ♪
♪ If you like.
go police station report me ♪
♪ Na movie I dey shoot here ♪
♪ Since you didn't caught me ♪
♪ Is it because say me and 'dem
dey always share things ♪
♪ They come.
dey put allegation on me ♪
♪ They didn't caught me ♪
(James speaking)
(indistinct chatter)
(traffic noise. horn honks)
(horns honking)
(Idee speaking)
(sighs)
(sniffs)
(cell phone ringtone plays)
Hello?
(Micheal speaking)
(Idee speaking)
Bye-bye.
(sighs) Okay.
(mumbling)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
(Micheal speaking)
(cheering)
(all cheering)
(indistinct chatter)
♪ ♪
(Micheal speaking)
("Giri Giri"
by LilB Omobaale playing)
(horn honking)
(Timi speaking)
♪ ♪
(chuckles)
(screaming)
♪ ♪
(exclaims)
(laughing)
Hello!
No. no.
Look at you!
Come here.
(laughing)
Wow.
(Micheal speaking)
(laughing)
(Idee speaking)
♪ ♪
(Micheal and Idee speaking)
(Micheal speaking)
("Pawon" by Olamide playing)
(Idee speaking)
♪ ♪
(both laugh)
Idee:
Five. six. seven. walk.
♪ ♪
(Idee laughing)
Good try.
Idee: See you soon...
-Take care. yeah?
-Yeah. okay.
(street noise)
(Micheal speaking)
(Micheal and Pamela speaking)
Hi. Hi. guys.
Hi.
Hi. Micheal.
Nice to meet you.
Micheal.
Hi. Micheal. Hi.
(Mr. Michael speaking)
(woman speaking)
(Emmanuel speaking)
♪ ♪
(waves lapping)
(Micheal speaking)
♪ ♪
(Pamela speaking)
(waves crashing)
(indistinct chatter)
(James speaking)
(seagulls squawking)
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you  ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ They bring that attitude.
that's when you clap back ♪
♪ There ain't no need
for words  ♪
♪ 'Cause they
ain't worth that ♪
♪ No. they ain't worth that ♪
♪ No need to get mad ♪
♪ That's when you put
your hands together ♪
♪ And just clap back ♪
(James speaking)
♪ ♪
(man speaking)
♪ I be pocketing the cash
as they talking that trash ♪
♪ I don't let them
change my mind ♪
♪ I got that flicker
in the dark  ♪
♪ I'm quicker than a spark ♪
♪ And I'm ticking tocking
my own time ♪
♪ I got them better dreams  ♪
♪ Better scenes. better things
than talk to you ♪
♪ I got a better team.
bigger rings ♪
♪ I do me. let it go ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ Clap back ♪
(James speaking)
(Timi speaking)
(Barrister Chalo speaking)
(newsreader speaking)
(Joel speaking)
(Mr. Michael
and James speaking)
♪ ♪
(Timi speaking)
(man and Timi speaking)
(man speaking)
(Timi speaking)
Man: Yes?
(man 1 speaking)
(man 2 speaking)
(Timi speaking)
Men: Yeah.
Timi: Okay.
Man: Yeah!
After the case!
(Timi speaking)
(men speaking)
♪ ♪
(dishes clattering)
(TV playing)
(chuckles)
(phone chimes)
(screaming)
(man speaking)
(James speaking)
(police chief speaking)
♪ ♪
(Micheal speaking)
("Scatter"
by Fireboy DML playing)
♪ ♪
Micheal: Hey.
Olumide: Hi.
(overlapping conversations)
(indistinct chatter)
♪ ♪
(in foreign language)
(in English)
-Man: No.
-(laughter)
(indistinct chatter)
(Micheal speaking)
Woo-hoo!
(applause)
Man:
Oshey.  baby. Exactly.
(Denrele speaking)
(Micheal speaking)
(all cheering)
(indistinct chatter)
(overlapping conversations)
Man: I just want to know.
I want to know.
Sorry...
(Micheal speaking)
(Yomi speaking)
Yes. Yes.
(Timi speaking)
(hip-hop music playing)
Ha!
(newsreader speaking)
(Denrele speaking)
(Timi speaking)
Bobrisky:
How many of those
bitches can afford this?
(James speaking)
♪ Drop it down. pick it up.
touch the floor ♪
(James speaking)
(Yomi speaking)
(Timi speaking)
(Papa speaking)
(singing in foreign language)
(Timi speaking)
Do not...
(singing in foreign language)
(Timi speaking)
(applause)
(Yomi speaking)
Yes. that's it.
but you need to relax.
You need to give yourself
this hook.
No. don't slow it down.
enjoy it.
(Yomi speaking)
This is how we kill
this one. Spread out.
(techno music playing)
(Yomi speaking)
Crazy!
(playful chatter)
(Yomi speaking)
(interviewer speaking)
You wanna...
Yes. group here
like this.
(techno music playing
on loudspeakers)
(Yomi speaking)
("Wonma" by Olamide playing)
♪ ♪
(cheering and applause)
(James speaking)
(both chuckle)
(host speaking)
(cheering)
♪ ♪
(inaudible)
(cheering continues)
(Yomi speaking)
♪ ♪
♪ Tonight I wanna dance
for you ♪
♪ Dance. dance for you ♪
♪ I'm so confident
that I can dance for you ♪
♪ I just wanna move
my body next to you ♪
♪ I don't care ♪
(Yomi speaking)
♪ Dance. dance. I don't care
who's watching ♪
(cheering and applause)
(horn honks)
(Yomi speaking)
You can do that!
You can do that.
(Yomi speaking)
(Denrele speaking)
Ooh!
♪ ♪
(Oscar Oyinsan speaking)
(Denrele speaking)
Man: Hi. James.
(snaps fingers)
(Denrele speaking)
♪ ♪
(man shouts)
(newsreader speaking)
(James speaking)
(scoffs)
(horns honking)
(James speaking)
♪ ♪
(line beeping)
(Edafe and James speaking)
(James speaking)
(Edafe speaking)
Yes.
(people cheering on video)
(Edafe speaking on video)
(cheering)
(Edafe speaking)
(chuckles)
(horns honking)
(train rattling)
(Deji speaking)
♪ ♪
(doorbell buzzes)
(chuckles)
♪ ♪
(people chattering)
(Deji speaking)
♪ ♪
(exhales)
(Idee speaking)
(sighs. murmurs)
(Micheal speaking)
(Idee speaking)
(Mr. Michael speaking)
(James speaking)
James: Mm-hmm?
(Mr. Michael speaking)
(James speaking)
(chuckles)
(indistinct chatter)
(Micheal speaking)
Sorry. Yeah.
Very cute.
(laughing)
(Micheal speaking)
(all singing in Yoruba)
Man: Thank you. Lord.
Thank you. Jesus.
(Mr. Michael speaking)
(all responding)
Oh. yes!
(Mr. Michael continues)
(all singing)
(Emmanuel speaking)
(Micheal speaking)
(safe house occupants singing)
(all singing)
♪ Never mind ♪
♪ Right now ♪
(singing in Yoruba)
(singing in English)
(vocalizing)
♪ Never mind. say ♪
All: ♪ Never. never.
never. never. never ♪
♪ Never. never.
♪ Never. never ♪
♪ Never. never. never ♪
♪ Mind ♪
(cheering)
Mr. Michael:
Thank you.
Wow. wow. wow.
Wow.
(James speaking)
("Bubble Drip"
by Byrell The Great playing)
♪ ♪
(James speaking)
Pre-pre-preach.
♪ ♪
(James speaking)
(cell phone chimes)
(crowd cheering)
(newsreader speaking)
(shouting)
(Yomi speaking)
(Denrele speaking)
-Man: Buysexual.
-(chuckles)
(Papa speaking)
(man speaking)
♪ ♪
(Yomi speaking)
♪ Never. never.
never. never. never ♪
♪ Never mind how life
treats you right now ♪
♪ It's for a while ♪
♪ It won't be long ♪
(Micheal speaking)
(applause)
♪ ♪
(singing in Yoruba)
♪ Better days will surely
come all your way ♪
♪ Surely come your way ♪
(singing in Yoruba)
♪ Never mind how life
treats you right now ♪
(singing in Yoruba)
♪ Better days will surely
come all your way ♪
(singing in Yoruba)
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ So bye. you basic ♪
♪ Bye. bye. you basic ♪
♪ Ain't got no time for
your pettiness and hating ♪
♪ I said bye. you basic ♪
♪ Bye. bye. you basic ♪
♪ Ain't got no time for
your craziness and hatin' ♪
♪ They bring that attitude ♪
♪ That's when you clap back ♪
♪ There ain't no need
for words ♪
♪ 'Cause they
ain't worth that ♪
♪ No. they ain't worth that ♪
♪ No need to get mad ♪
♪ That's when you put
your hands together ♪
♪ And just clap back ♪
♪ I be pocketing the cash
as they talking that trash ♪
♪ I don't let them
change my mind ♪
♪ I got that flicker
in the dark ♪
♪ I'm quicker than a spark ♪
♪ And I'm ticking tocking
my own time ♪
♪ I got them better dreams ♪
♪ Better scenes better things
than talk to you ♪
♪ I got a better team
bigger rings ♪
♪ Bada bing
whatcha gonna do? ♪
♪ You do you. I do me ♪
♪ Let it go. let it be ♪
♪ Can't keep up.
not enough ♪
♪ Move along.
it's too rough ♪
♪ You'd be lucky.
lucky. lucky ♪
♪ Just to hang with me ♪
♪ But you keep
running up your mouth ♪
♪ You wasting energy ♪
♪ Get dumb. get stupid.
get dumb. get stupid ♪
and show 'em how you do it ♪
♪ Get dumb. get stupid.
get dumb. get stupid ♪
don't listen to their music ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ La la la la la la la
la la la la la la la ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ They bring that attitude ♪
♪ That's when you clap back ♪
♪ There ain't no need
for words ♪
♪ 'Cause they
ain't worth that ♪
♪ No. they ain't worth that ♪
♪ No need to get mad ♪
♪ That's when you put
your hands together ♪
♪ And just clap back ♪